[layouts] Add splitPage Batfish selector (#317)
mapbox/dr-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/batfish-helpers.md

]
```

## Split pages

> `split-pages` supports groups of pages that uses the [split page pattern](../split-pages/) by generating and collecting `headings`, `products`, `services`, and `platform` arrays for the main page to reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`split-pages` supports groups of pages that use the [split page pattern](../split-pages/) by generating and collecting `headings`, `products`, `services`, and `platforms` arrays for the main page to reference.
```

### Arguments

- `data`, object. Provided by the data selector.

### Set up in batfish.config.js

```js
const {
  buildSplitPages
} = require('@mapbox/dr-ui/helpers/batfish/split-pages.js');

module.exports = () => {
  return {
    dataSelectors: {
      splitPages: (data) => buildSplitPages(data)
    }
  };
};
```

### Usage

```js
import React from 'react';
import splitPages from '@mapbox/batfish/data/split-pages';

class PageShell extends React.Component {
  render() {
    const { children, location, frontMatter } = this.props;
    const isSplitPage = splitPages[location.pathname];

    return (
      <PageLayout headings={isSplitPage ? isSplitPage.headings : undefined}>
        {children}
      </PageLayout>
    );
  }
}
```

### Output

- The shape is an object, where the top-level keys are pathnames for top level pages that have split pages.
  - Each object has a `headings` array. It contains all the headings for the page.
  - Each object has a `products` array. It contains all the products for the page.
  - Each object may have a `platforms` array. It contains all the platforms for the page.

>   - Each object may have a `services` array. It contains all the services for the page.

Reviewer: Since all `products` are assigned one or more `services` should `services` be something that is always present?
